STATISTICS WORKSHEET 3
1.OPTION B 
2.OPTION C
3.OPTION A
4.OPTION A
5.OPTION C
6.OPTION A
7.OPTION B
8.OPTION D
9.OPTION A

10. BAYES'S THEOREM- Bayes Theorem provides a principled way for calculating a conditional probability.
Conditional probability is the likelihood of an outcome occurring, based on a previous outcome occurring. 
Bayes' theorem provides a way to revise existing predictions or theories (update probabilities) given new or additional evidence.

11. Z-SCORE- A Z-score is a numerical measurement that describes a value's relationship to the mean of a group of values.
Z-score is measured in terms of standard deviations from the mean. If a Z-score is 0, it indicates that the data point's score is identical to the mean score. 
A Z-score of 1.0 would indicate a value that is one standard deviation from the mean. 
Z-scores may be positive or negative, with a positive value indicating the score is above the mean and a negative score indicating it is below the mean.

12. T-TEST-A t-test is a type of inferential statistic used to determine if there is a significant difference between the means of two groups, which may be related in certain features. 
The t-test is one of many tests used for the purpose of hypothesis testing in statistics.

13. PERCENTILE- A percentile is a term used in statistics to express how a score compares to other scores in the same set. 
While there is technically no standard definition of percentile, it's typically communicated as the percentage of values that fall below a particular value in a set of data scores.

14. ANOVA-Analysis of variance, or ANOVA, is a statistical method that separates observed variance data into different components to use for additional tests.
A one-way ANOVA is used for three or more groups of data, to gain information about the relationship between the dependent and independent variables.

15.HOW CAN ANOVA HELP?
ANOVA is helpful for testing three or more variables. It is similar to multiple two-sample t-tests. 
However, it results in fewer type I errors and is appropriate for a range of issues. 
ANOVA groups differences by comparing the means of each group and includes spreading out the variance into diverse sources.
